---
page_title: "github_organization_private_registry (Data Source) - GitHub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific organization private registry.
---

# github_organization_private_registry (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific organization private registry.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_organization_private_registry" "my_registry" {
  name = "NPM_REGISTRY_SECRET_1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The auto-generated name of the private registry (computed by GitHub).

### Read-Only

- `auth_type` (String) The authentication type for the private registry.
- `created_at` (String) The time the registry was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `oidc_audience` (String) The JWT audience.
- `oidc_aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID.
- `oidc_aws_domain` (String) The AWS domain.
- `oidc_aws_domain_owner` (String) The AWS domain owner.
- `oidc_aws_region` (String) The AWS region.
- `oidc_aws_role_name` (String) The AWS role name.
- `oidc_azure_client_id` (String) The Azure client ID.
- `oidc_azure_tenant_id` (String) The Azure tenant ID.
- `oidc_jfrog_identity_mapping_name` (String) The JFrog identity mapping name.
- `oidc_jfrog_provider_name` (String) The JFrog provider name.
- `registry_type` (String) The registry type.
- `replaces_base` (Boolean) Whether the private registry should replace the public base registry.
- `selected_repository_ids` (Set of Number) An array of repository IDs that can access the organization private registry.
- `updated_at` (String) The time the registry was updated.
- `url` (String) The registry URL.
- `username` (String) The registry username.
- `visibility` (String) Configures the access that repositories have to the organization private registry.
