---
page_title: "github_dependabot_organization_secret (Resource) - GitHub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage a GitHub Dependabot secret for an organization.
---

# github_dependabot_organization_secret (Resource)

Resource to manage a GitHub Dependabot secret for an organization.

-> You must have write access to a repository to use this resource.

Secret values are encrypted using the [Go '/crypto/box' module](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/crypto/nacl/box) which is interoperable with [libsodium](https://libsodium.gitbook.io/doc/). Libsodium is used by GitHub to decrypt secret values.

For the purposes of security, the contents of the `value` field have been marked as `sensitive` to Terraform, but it is important to note that **this does not hide it from state files**. You should treat state as sensitive always. It is also advised that you do not store plaintext values in your code but rather populate the `value_encrypted` using fields from a resource, data source or variable as, while encrypted in state, these will be easily accessible in your code. See below for an example of this abstraction.

This resource supports using the `lifecycle` `ignore_changes` block on `updated_at` to support use cases where a secret value is created using a placeholder value and then modified after creation outside the scope of Terraform. This approach ensures only the initial placeholder value is referenced in your code and in the resulting state file.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Un-encrypted Secret Example

resource "github_dependabot_organization_secret" "example" {
  secret_name = "EXAMPLE_SECRET_NAME"
  value       = "example-value"
  visibility  = "all"
}
```

```terraform
# Encrypted Secret Example

data "github_dependabot_organization_public_key" "example" {}

resource "github_dependabot_organization_secret" "example" {
  secret_name     = "EXAMPLE_SECRET_NAME"
  key_id          = data.github_dependabot_organization_public_key.example.key_id
  encrypted_value = var.encrypted_value
  visibility      = "all"
}
```

```terraform
# Ignore Drift Secret Example

resource "github_dependabot_organization_secret" "example" {
  secret_name = "EXAMPLE_SECRET_NAME"
  value       = "example-value"
  visibility  = "all"

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [updated_at]
  }
}
```

```terraform
# Secret With Selected Repositories Example

resource "github_dependabot_organization_secret" "example" {
  secret_name = "EXAMPLE_SECRET_NAME"
  value       = "example-value"
  visibility  = "selected"
}

data "github_repository" "example" {
  name = "example-repo"
}

resource "github_dependabot_organization_secret_repositories" "example" {
  secret_name             = github_dependabot_organization_secret.example.secret_name
  selected_repository_ids = [data.github_repository.example.repo_id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret.
- `visibility` (String) Configures the access that repositories have to the organization secret. Must be one of 'all', 'private' or 'selected'. 'selected_repository_ids' is required if set to 'selected'.

### Optional

- `encrypted_value` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Encrypted value of the secret using the GitHub public key in Base64 format.
- `key_id` (String) ID of the public key used to encrypt the secret.
- `plaintext_value` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Plaintext value of the secret to be encrypted.
- `selected_repository_ids` (Set of Number, Deprecated) An array of repository ids that can access the organization secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Plaintext value to be encrypted.
- `value_encrypted` (String, Sensitive) Value encrypted with the GitHub public key, defined by key_id, in Base64 format.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp for when the secret was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `remote_updated_at` (String) Timestamp for when the secret was last updated.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp for when the secret was last updated by the provider.

## Import

~> When importing secrets, the `value`, `value_encrypted`, `encrypted_value`, or `plaintext_value` fields will not be populated in the state. You may need to ignore changes for these as a workaround if you're not planning on updating the secret through Terraform.

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = github_dependabot_organization_secret.example
  id = "secret-name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import github_dependabot_organization_secret.example secret-name
```
