---
page_title: "github_organization_private_registry (Resource) - GitHub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# github_organization_private_registry (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_organization_private_registry" "my_registry" {
  registry_type = "npm_registry"
  url           = "https://npm.pkg.github.com"
  auth_type     = "username_password"
  username      = "github-actions"
  secret        = "super_secret_token_123"
  visibility    = "private"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `registry_type` (String) The registry type. Can be `maven_repository`, `nuget_feed`, `goproxy_server`, `npm_registry`, `rubygems_server`, `cargo_registry`, `composer_repository`, `docker_registry`, `git_source`, `helm_registry`, `pub_repository`, `python_index`, or `terraform_registry`.
- `url` (String) The URL of the private registry.
- `visibility` (String) Configures the access that repositories have to the organization private registry. Must be one of `all`, `private`, or `selected`.

### Optional

- `auth_type` (String) The authentication type for the private registry. Can be `token`, `username_password`, `oidc_azure`, `oidc_aws`, or `oidc_jfrog`. Defaults to `token`.
- `encrypted_value` (String, Sensitive) The encrypted value of the secret using the GitHub public key in Base64 format.
- `key_id` (String) ID of the public key used to encrypt the secret. Required if encrypted_value is set.
- `oidc_audience` (String) The OIDC audience.
- `oidc_aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID. Required when auth_type is oidc_aws.
- `oidc_aws_domain` (String) The CodeArtifact domain. Required when auth_type is oidc_aws.
- `oidc_aws_domain_owner` (String) The CodeArtifact domain owner. Required when auth_type is oidc_aws.
- `oidc_aws_region` (String) The AWS region. Required when auth_type is oidc_aws.
- `oidc_aws_role_name` (String) The AWS IAM role name. Required when auth_type is oidc_aws.
- `oidc_azure_client_id` (String) The client ID of the Azure AD application. Required when auth_type is oidc_azure.
- `oidc_azure_tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID of the Azure AD application. Required when auth_type is oidc_azure.
- `oidc_jfrog_identity_mapping_name` (String) The JFrog identity mapping name.
- `oidc_jfrog_provider_name` (String) The JFrog OIDC provider name. Required when auth_type is oidc_jfrog.
- `replaces_base` (Boolean) Indicates whether this private registry should replace the base registry.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The plaintext secret to be encrypted and sent to GitHub. This is used for a token when auth_type is token, and for a password when auth_type is username_password. Required when auth_type is token or username_password.
- `selected_repository_ids` (Set of Number) An array of repository IDs that can access the organization private registry.
- `username` (String) The username to use when authenticating with the private registry.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the private registry was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The auto-generated name of the private registry (computed by GitHub).
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the private registry was last updated.
