---
page_title: "github_team_members (Resource) - GitHub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to authoritatively manage GitHub team members.
---

# github_team_members (Resource)

~> This resource is not compatible with [`github_team_membership`](team_membership); use either `github_team_members` or `github_team_membership`.

Resource to authoritatively manage GitHub team members.

This resource allows you to manage members of teams in your organization; it sets the requested team members for the team and removes all users not managed by Terraform. If an organization owner is given the `member` role they will be granted `maintainer` instead which will result in a perpetual diff. If a user who hasn't accepted their invitation to the organization is added to the team, they will not be a team member until they've accepted the invitation. When this resource is deleted all users will be removed from the team.

!> If you don't have a member with the `maintainer` set then this resource may end up with a perpetual diff as the GitHub API will automatically promote a member to `maintainer` if there are no maintainers in the team. To avoid this, ensure that at least one member has the `maintainer` role.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_team" "example" {
  name = "my-team"
}

resource "github_team_members" "example" {
  team_slug = github_team.example.slug

  members {
    username = "SomeUser"
    role     = "maintainer"
  }

  members {
    username = "AnotherUser"
    role     = "member"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `members` (Block Set, Min: 1) List of users that should be members of the team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--members))

### Optional

- `team_id` (String, Deprecated) ID or slug of the GitHub team to manage membership for.
- `team_slug` (String) Slug of the GitHub team to manage membership for.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Required:

- `username` (String) User to add to the team.

Optional:

- `role` (String) Role to grant the user within the team; must be one of `member` or `maintainer`.

## Import

This resource can be imported either by the team slug or team ID; it is recommended to use the team slug in combination with the `team_slug` resource attribute.

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = github_team_members.example
  id = "my-team"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import github_team_members.example my-team
```
